>> Jon Kuperman: And so yeah, so I really
recommend playing around with all of these
little snapshots and the allocations,
comparing some snapshots.
So for the next exercise, and the last
exercise, we have a memory leaks page.
And so this page has four sub pages, and
one of them has a memory leak on it,
and the other three do not.
And so the exercise here is a, figure out
which one of these four pages has a memory
leak using the tools available.
And then b, kinda start digging,
poking at it, use the tools,
see if you can figure out what's
causing that memory leak.
And if you're ambitious, you can try
to figure out what piece of code is
responsible for
the causing of that memory leak.
Cool, so we'll take another ten, and
then we'll come back together and
we'll do it all as a group.